Document that return-less user-defined functions return None (#126769)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/expressions.rst

   first thing the code block will do is bind the formal parameters to the
   arguments; this is described in section :ref:`function`.  When the code block
   executes a :keyword:`return` statement, this specifies the return value of the

>    function call.  If execution falls off the end of the code block without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   function call.  If execution reaches the end of the code block without
```

Author: I used “falls off the end” because it's the phrasing that's already used in [Generator functions](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/datamodel.html#generator-functions) et al. But you should merge whichever wording you prefer.

Reviewer 2: As non-native English speaker, I would say that the proposed change is close to "simple" English; foreigners could understand it a little easier.

Reviewer: @asvetlov Please merge as makes sense. I'm fine wih either option. Thanks @jmarshall for the additional context and PR too.

Reviewer 2: Eah, multi-word verbs cannot be understood by translating all the words separately :)
Modern automated tools like Google Translate does this job well but still...

>    executing a :keyword:`return` statement, the return value is ``None``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   executing a :keyword:`return` statement, the return value is :const:`None`.
```

Author: :shrug: I followed the way it is formatted in the preceding paragraph. As a data point, there are 1385 instances of \`\`None\`\` and 126 of :const:\`None\` (and 5 of :const:\`!None\`) in _Doc/**_.
[ETA:] …Which suggests that if there is a policy to use references where possible, there is an exception for None.

Reviewer 3: I don't think it matters *that* much, but let's use references where possible.

Author: Thanks for triaging; I'll leave a decision to the CODEOWNERS-listed maintainer, @willingc.

IMHO if we were going to make a reference link here, the None to do it on would be the one in the preceding introductory paragraph, “A call always returns some value, possibly None, […]”.

Reviewer 3: We try to use links *everywhere* possible, not just in one place or paragraph (sometimes we prefix the reference with `~` to prevent it from link-ifying for redundancy, but that's besides the point--it's a good idea to always use the reference).

Reviewer 3: Ah, nevermind. We have a [special case](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#quick-reference) for the big three singletons.
